



Q.1. Create 10 buttons with ids in the format btn-#<button number> i.e. the first button will have an id btn-#1, button 2 will have if btn-#2 and so on. You are trying to show the id of the button on which the mouse has hovered upon. Create a working example which shows the id of the button in a span in the format “You have hovered over <button id>”.  - After multiple add event listener and event objects






















Q.2. Create a voting eligibility check system. (Remember our initial module?). Create a form which takes in your Name and Year of Birth. On submitting the form, give a message in the form of an alert stating whether you are eligible or not. (You might need to research about Dates in Javascript!) - After form events



















Q.3. Let’s try to create a dynamic emailing template. Create a form which has two input fields of the type text and description HTML element. The email template should look like -:

The first input field should be To,
The textarea should be Email Body,
The second input field should be From.

Hello, <whatever you have typed in the input field>! I am emailing you because <whatever you have typed in the textarea input field>. I am hoping you would revert back positively.

Regards,
<whatever you have typed in the second input field>

Print the final message on submit inside a paragraph tag. Make sure the formatting is intact! - After form events













Q.4. Create a tip calculator. You have a form which takes in the total bill amount in an input field and another input field should take in the %age of tip to be paid. There is another input field which takes in the number of people within whom the total bill will be distributed.

Calculate the total bill to be paid.
Calculate the individual bill to be paid by each person.
Calculate the individual tip.

Make sure there are client side validations as follows -:
i. The %age of tip should not exceed 10%.
ii. If the total bill amount is less than 500, don’t split the bill.
iii. Number of people can never be less than 2. After client side validation


viktor.vlasenko.169@gmail.com Link to the collection where the final code and output is present for all 4 questions.

https://codepen.io/collection/gYmQYp
